Use fermi sentence in qchem dipole and number functions (#4546)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * The qchem ``fermionic_dipole`` and ``particle_number`` functions are updated to use fermi 
>   sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The qchem ``fermionic_dipole`` and ``particle_number`` functions are updated to use a ``FermiSentence``
```

>   [#4546](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4546)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [(#4546)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/4546)
```
